docs: updates environment variables page to be CLI-focused, not Deno-focused (#498)
slackapi/slack-cli: docs/guides/using-environment-variables-with-the-slack-cli.md

# Using environment variables with the Slack CLI

You can store and use environment variables with your Slack app by using a collection of Slack CLI commands and features. You can even access some pre-set environment variables!

> :::note[You may be looking for the [_Using environment variables with the Deno Slack SDK_](/tools/deno-slack-sdk/guides/using-environment-variables) guide.]

Reviewer: This page doesn't exist

Author: it will once this is merged: https://github.com/slackapi/docs/pull/516

# Using environment variables with the Slack CLI

You can store and use environment variables with your Slack app by using a collection of Slack CLI commands and features. You can even access some pre-set environment variables!

:::note[You may be looking for the [_Using environment variables with the Deno Slack SDK_](/tools/deno-slack-sdk/guides/using-environment-variables) guide.]
:::
   
## Using the Slack CLI `env` commands

There are three Slack CLI subcommands that can be used to modify environment variables:

> ### `slack env set`

Reviewer 2: 🐙 suggestion: Toward the end of this section it might be kind to note that these variables are saved to a `.env` file within the project?

🦕 ramble: Such a change has big preference to Bolt development, but I think the ROSI behavior might be better kept in adjacent pages.

Author: big agree but put it up top

Reviewer 2: @lukegalbraithrussell Kind callouts!

Use this to set an environment variable for the project. You can set the environment variable within the command, or run `slack env set` alone to go through an interactive interface.

```
slack env set MAGIC_PASSWORD abracadbra
```

### `slack env unset`

Use this to remove variables for the project. You can unset environment variables within the command, or run `slack env unset` alone to view all environment variables and select which one to unset. 

```
slack env unset MAGIC_PASSWORD
```

### `slack env list`

Use this to view the variables set for this project

```
slack env list
```

## Using CLI-provided variables

> The Slack CLI provides an envelope of environment variables set automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Slack CLI provides an envelope of environment variables set automatically if these aren't available beforehand.
```

👁️‍🗨️ suggestion: To perhaps move this nuance earlier since this behavior should be shared for all "provided" variables.

> | Variable | Origin | Use | Bolt frameworks | Deno Slack SDK |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Variable | Origin | Use |
```

🌟 praise: This table is a beautiful reference to include. Forgive the quibbles that follow - it is polish!

🧮 thought: Since we have earlier callout that Deno Slack SDK specifics can be found in an adjacent page, would focusing these changes to "Bolt" perhaps be preferred?

|----------|--------|-----|-----------------|-----------------|

> | `SLACK_APP_TOKEN` | Set from the API response after successful app installation via `slack app install` or `slack app link`. Preserved if already exists (with warning if it differs). | Authenticate with Slack API as the app. Required for Socket Mode connections and API calls. | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not used |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SLACK_APP_TOKEN` | Set after a successful app installation when using Socket Mode. | Authenticate with Slack API as the app. Required for Socket Mode connections and API calls. | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not used |
```

⚡ thought: We can perhaps avoid internal details here?

Reviewer 2: 👹 note: I realize that wouldn't explain **when** these variables are available but perhaps a note of intention to the **run** and **deploy** commands is sufficient?

> | `SLACK_BOT_TOKEN` | Set from the API response after successful app installation via `slack app install` or `slack app link`. Preserved if already exists (with warning if it differs). | Authenticate with Slack API as the bot user. Used for making API calls on behalf of the app. | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not used |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SLACK_BOT_TOKEN` | Set after a successful app installation that requested bot scopes. | Authenticate with Slack API as the bot user. Used for making API calls on behalf of the app. | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not used |
```

🤖 thought: Similar to the time these tokens become available?

| `SLACK_CLI_XAPP` | Built from the app token and passed to the `start` hook via environment map during `slack run`. | Used by Bolt frameworks for Socket Mode connection. | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not used |

> | `SLACK_CLI_XOXB` | Built from the bot access token and passed to the `start` hook via environment map during `slack run`. | Used by Bolt frameworks for API calls. | ✅ Supported | ❌ Not used |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

🔍 suggestion: We can perhaps prefer that more common `SLACK_APP_TOKEN` and `SLACK_BOT_TOKEN` above? These should be identical...

| `SLACK_APP_PATH` | Set when a custom start path is provided via `slack run` | Used to run from a non-root directory. | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |

> | `SLACK_CLI_CUSTOM_FILE_PATH` | Set to the same value as `SLACK_APP_PATH` when a custom start path is provided via `slack run` | Used to run from a non-root directory. | ✅ Supported | ✅ Supported |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

🪝 suggestion: These might be most meaningful for "hook" developers, who might prefer to find this in adjacent pages:

🔗 https://docs.slack.dev/tools/slack-cli/reference/hooks/#start

Author: I think these should be kept in case they're confused why it's not here

Reviewer 2: 🤔 I'm unsure if these values are so useful in application code after the app is started:

🔗 https://github.com/slackapi/node-slack-sdk/blob/1a6c51074a998f33328ef53480831e6f3f5b843e/packages/cli-hooks/src/start.js#L22-L25
